https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/28.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Covi19-vaccination-1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Covi19-vaccination-2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Covi19-vaccination-3.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Covi19-vaccination-4.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Covi19-vaccination-5.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Health Camp (1).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Health Camp (2).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Health Camp (3).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Health Camp (4).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Health Camp (5).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/SDG/47.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/SDG/48.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Vacc camp 10.02 2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Vacc camp 10.02.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/Vaccination Drive.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/eyecamp 1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/eyecamp 2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/eyecamp 3.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/eyecamp 4.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/10.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/11.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/12.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/13.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/14.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/15.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/16.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/17.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/18.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/19.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/20.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/21.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/22.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/23.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/24.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/25.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/26.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/27.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/28.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/29.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/3.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/30.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/31.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/32.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/33.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/34.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/35.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/36.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/37.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/38.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/39.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/4.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/40.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/41.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/42.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/43.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/44.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/45.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/46.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/49.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/5.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/50.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/51.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/6.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/7.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/8.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/community-services/sdg/9.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (11).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (18).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (19).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (20).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (27).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (28).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (29).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (3).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (31).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (34).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (35).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/gallery/AIDS (9).jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Alert NGO.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Aravind Hospital.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Helix Private Limited.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Mosonic.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Royal Care.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Silicon Systems.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Vital1.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Vital2.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Waxwing1.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Waxwing2.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/Waxwing3.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/ganga-hospital.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/bio-medical-engineering/mou/gem.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/civil/alumni-spotlight/1.sabarish.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/civil/alumni-spotlight/2.mano.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/civil/alumni-spotlight/3.elangovan.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/civil/alumni-spotlight/4.alumni.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/civil/alumni-spotlight/5.alumni.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/civil/alumni-spotlight/6.alumni.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KCL 2022 Participants.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIER_KCL Cricket News in Covai Mail (1).webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIET Sports 1.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIET Sports 2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIET Sports 3.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIET Sulur Schools Sports News in DMR 24.08.2022_CCP-2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIET Sulur Schools Sports News in DMR 27.08.2022_CCP-2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIET Sulur Schools Sports News in DMR_31.08.2022_PCC2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIET-Sulur.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/KPRIET_KCL Cricket News in Makkalkural_07.06.2022_P5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/course/physical-education/media-spotlight/News of Kpr Trophy in Newspaper dinamalar.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/SDG Ranking 2021-2023.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/career/current-opening/JRF.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/career/current-opening/Openings for Professionals of Foreign Origin.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/career/current-opening/PA.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/cdc/cdc-training.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/10.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/11.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/12.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/13.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/14.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/15.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/16.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/17.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/18.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/19.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/20.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/21.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/3.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/4.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/5.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/6.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/7.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/8.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/life/9.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/product-1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/product-2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/product-3.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/product-4.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/product-5.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/product-6.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/product-7.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/product-8.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Dr Anandahan IFS.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Dr Ramani.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Dr. Jaya. Rajamoorthy.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Dr. K. Venkaterswarlu.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Dr. PSK. R. Periyaswamy.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Dr. V. K. Raina.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Dr. V. Thiruvalluvan.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Hon'ble Dr. Mathiventhan.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr Anbil Mahesh Poyyamozhi.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr P Arumugam.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. Arvind Jayabal.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. Arya.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. G.N.V. Subba Rao.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. Gowtham Premkumar.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. K. Umapathy.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. Niranjan Bharathi.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. RahuveerSubodha.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. S. Kalyanaraman.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr. S. N. Subrahmanyan,MD & CEO - Larsen & Toubro.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Mr.Narayanan S.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Ms Karin Stoll.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Ms. Anitha.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Prof. Rajive Kumar-Member Secretary- AICTE.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Solomon Pappiah.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/general/sdg/tree/Vani Bhojan.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/1.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/3.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/4.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/6.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/7.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/8.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/distinguished-alumni/9.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/10.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/11.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/12.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/13.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/14.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/15.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/16.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/17.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/18.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/19.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/20.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/21.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/22.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/23.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/24.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/25.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/3.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/4.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/5.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/6.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/7.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/8.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/9.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Congratulations for completion of project by the Office of Alumni Relations on 02th July 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Organised a webinar on “Entrepreneurship and self-discipline” - by Mr. Muniraj K, (2021 Batch) for ECE students on 25.09.2021..jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Organised a webinar on “How should I prepare for Siemens” - by Mr. Deepak Alagappan on 28th August 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on automotive Design and Testing on 05th June 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on autonomous vehicles on 16th June 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on brainstorming and interview skills on 06th June 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on career in cybersecurity on 17th July 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on how to crack TNPSC Examination on 10th July 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on lets talk numbers on 13th June 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on next generation E- automobile on 17th July 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on preparing for an interview on 12th June 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on the beauty and the beast on 03th July 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on why marketing is important for mechanical engineers on 04th June 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on “An engineers life after Engineering” on 09th August 2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on “KUBERNETES”(GOOGLE GCP &MICROSOFT AZURE) on 25.09.2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/oar/gallery/Webinar on “VMware and Virtualization” on 28.08.2021.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/Autonomous E-Shuttler.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/cargo-bicycle.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/control-system-2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/floor-cleaning-robot.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/smartdustbin2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/vermi-compos-1.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/research/Ph.D fellowship.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/research/new/common/uvvis-1.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/research/new/common/uvvis-2.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/research/new/common/uvvis-3.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/research/new/common/uvvis-4.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/research/new/common/uvvis-5.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/research/new/common/uvvis-6.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/research/new/common/uvvis-main.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/scholarship/KPR Merit Scholarships 2025.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/cftie/DT 2021 Winners - Team MARS.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/cftie/IMG_8937.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/cftie/IMG_8961.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture1.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture10.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture11.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture12.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture13.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture4.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture6.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture7.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture8.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/10-years-exp-2024/Picture9.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/10.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/11.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/12.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/13.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/14.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/15.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/16.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/6.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/7.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/8.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/appreciation-2023/9.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/orientation/1.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/orientation/2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/orientation/3.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/orientation/4.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/fa/orientation/5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/cftie-1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/cftie-2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/cftie-3.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/cftie-4.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/cftie-5.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/cftie-6.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/cftie-7.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/1.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/10.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/11.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/3.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/4.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/6.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/oir/internships/7.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21AD064.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21BM016.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21CE089.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21CH028.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21CH059.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21CS054.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21EC075.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21EE076.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21EE101.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/21ME070.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/23CAD06.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/23PCS05.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/23SE14.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/a/2025/23VLO4.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/1.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/10.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/11.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/3.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/4.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/6.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/7.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/8.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/9.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/HARGHARTIRANGA1.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/HARGHARTIRANGA2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/HARGHARTIRANGA3.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/HARGHARTIRANGA4.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/HARGHARTIRANGA5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/activities/HARGHARTIRANGA6.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/NEP 2020 Ambassador.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/UBA NSS.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/best library user award.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/ncc award.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/ncc incentive.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/nptel topper.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/sports incentive.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/technical event incentive.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/sa/republicdayawards/travel grant.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/1.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/100.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/101.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/102.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/103.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/104.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/105.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/106.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/107.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/11.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/13.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/14.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/15.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/16.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/17.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/18.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/19.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/20.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/21.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/22.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/23.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/24.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/25.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/30.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/32.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/33.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/34.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/35.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/36.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/40.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/41.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/42.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/43.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/44.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/45.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/47.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/48.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/49.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/5.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/51.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/52.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/55.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/56.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/58.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/59.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/6.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/63.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/64.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/65.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/66.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/67.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/68.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/69.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/7.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/70.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/76.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/77.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/78.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/79.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/80.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/81.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/82.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/83.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/84.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/85.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/86.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/87.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/88.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/89.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/90.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/91.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/92.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/93.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/94.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/95.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/96.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/97.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/98.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/99.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/po.png
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/10.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/11.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/12.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/3-1.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/3-2.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/3-3.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/4.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/5.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/6.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/7.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/8.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sds/9.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/1.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/10.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/11.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/12.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/13.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/14.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/15.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/16.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/17.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/18.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/19.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/2.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/20.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/21.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/22.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/23.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/24.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/25.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/26.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/27.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/28.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/29.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/3.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/30.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/31.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/32.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/33.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/34.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/35.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/36.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/37.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/38.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/39.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/4.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/40.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/41.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/42.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/43.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/44.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/45.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/5.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/6.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/7.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/8.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/sports-achievers/9.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/pdf/accreditation/QS-I-GAUGE.webp
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/pdf/accreditation/UGC-12(B)-Certificate.jpg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/Electric Solar Vehicle.JPG
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/FAHRENTIZER.JPG
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/products/Transparent-Concrete.JPG
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/cftie/IMG_7734.JPG
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/cftie/WhatsApp Image 2021-11-27 at 6.22.07 PM.jpeg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/cftie/WhatsApp Image 2021-11-30 at 10.26.20 PM (1).jpeg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/staff-services/cftie/WhatsApp Image 2021-11-30 at 10.26.20 PM.jpeg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/62.jpeg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/71.jpeg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/72.jpeg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/73.jpeg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/images/student-services/student-affairs/74.jpeg
https://www.kpriet.ac.in/asset/frontend/pdf/accreditation/aicte-au-approval/AICTE-EoA-2022-2023.PDF